COMOPT-415: DEVOPS: Developers can access and publish the PREX drop-in (#278)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/recommendations/installation.mdx

---
title: Recommendations Installation
description: Learn how to install the product recommendations drop-in component into your site.

> sidebar:

Reviewer: sidebar and order metadata not necessary

  # label: Recommendations Installation
  order: 2
---

import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { Badge } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import Callouts from '@components/Callouts.astro';
import Tasks from '@components/Tasks.astro';
import Task from '@components/Task.astro';

This guide will help you install and configure the product recommendations drop-in component in your storefront.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have:

- Adobe Commerce instance with Product Recommendations enabled
- Access to your store's GraphQL endpoint
- Required API keys and credentials
- Node.js and npm installed on your development environment

## Step-by-step

Use the following steps to install the product recommendations component:

:::note[Edge Delivery Service]

> These steps are specific for EDS projects, and may not necessarily be the same for other frameworks such as a static HTML or React framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These steps are specific for Edge Delivery Services projects, and may not necessarily be the same for other frameworks such as a static HTML or React framework.
```
